# Bike sales analysis
As a huge multinational company that has thousands of resellers across countries in Europe, North America, Asia, and Australia, the Giant Bike Company has a huge data transmission to record the sales of its products and company operations. However, the records are just being recorded in the database for future reference purposes. Giant Bike has not tried to make any analysis and processing on these data except referencing operations for employees. The data all resides in the company database server that is hosted by the administrator’s team. During these few years, the company's performance has ostensibly plummeted. Several initiatives were taken to eliminate the problem area not showing any positive impact. Therefore, the company is now contemplating adopting the business intelligence analysis to identify the possible reason and draw the solution to raise the company sales in the near future. The analysis of the Giant Bike data could help the company has a better picture of the current operation and sales of the company. Furthermore, the analysts will extract the undiscovered customer behavior, forecast the demands of the products, and help Giant Bike make a wise decision on promoting or designing their products as an OEM. The data analysis is believed that it can identify not only the problem in the company's profitability and operation but also other conundrums that occurs many years ago. For example, if the company has a complicated product distribution channel, the data analysis might be able to allocation.
